IMMEDIATE:

remove yline2 fline2 constructs

address issue with explicit "d0" number formats



MID_TERM:

better custom dihedral selection option for clustering

support more options for density restraints, including a user-defined property

periodic tube-like system shape and boundary condition

adjust movesets such that they explicitly respect chemical crosslinks (CRLK_MODE 2), find a SHAKE-like solution for TMD

make the dipole calculation more meaningful: provide a dipole-dipole coupling map, upper left "as is", lower right
multiplied by contact Heaviside filter. use automatically determined dipole groups.

add examples:
1) chemistry example using two constrained atoms and a morse-bound atom input by tabpot
2) flexible docking problem: some relaxed protein, phi/psi-constrained binding to a flexible ligand

separate parameters out of hard code: molecular geometries:
here's a possible strategy: first design a proper geometry input format (prob. has to be biotype-dependent). now code up a little utility program inside CAMPARI which prints current geometries (residue-wise) after building in precisely that format -> much easier and safer than to hand-write the geometry section of the parameter files

provide OPLS-UA, CHARMM19, and CHARMM36 parameter sets (maybe also latest GROMOS)

continue to eliminate hard-references to atomic pointer arrays (at%sc and at%bb). either use local reference variables or generate new adaptive pointers a la ni, ci (this is largely complete)

continue to move toward oo-style, i.e., group modules and their directly associated functions, group related variables into datatypes, i.e., generate fake classes simply by means of organization
objective needs to be that if modules were non-global necessary argument-passing should be tolerable (while avoiding too many hierarchical levels). this would really help with a future code translation to C++

adaptize certain fixed-sized allocation statements (like 2D Rg/dlt-maps), so that they are only allocated for the appropriate molecule types

extend support for more ensembles at least for certain cases: NPT should be fairly straightforward, but more thinking needed.

allow domain-wise parallelization

implement BD i.e., the overdamped limit of the LD integrator (which is not a natural limit in terms of implementation!).

extend, clarify and correct dynamics implementation: Nose-Hoover thermostat, manostats (see above), more integrators (eventually for LD).

complete free energy calculations: analytical derivatives of parameters whereever possible (e.g., soft-core potentials), will require a new structure, and on the fly-accumulation, though. maybe more ...

support stochastic minimizer (annealing) for MPIAVG



LONG-TERM: 

add both explicit and Marrink-style lipids both in terms of geometry (building) and in terms of parameters

allow domain split into a hydrophobic and an aqueous phase (a la implicit membrane). use transfer free energies into cyclohexane (or construct from water-to-cyclohexane partitioning).

